--Topics to learn--

--list--
append(): Adds an item to the end of the list.
extend(): Adds all items of an iterable to the end of the list.
insert(): Inserts an item at a specified position.
remove(): Removes the first occurrence of an item.
pop(): Removes and returns an item at a specified position.
clear(): Removes all items from the list.
index(): Returns the index of the first occurrence of an item.
count(): Returns the number of occurrences of an item.
sort(): Sorts the list in place.
reverse(): Reverses the list in place.
copy(): Returns a shallow copy of the list.


--sets--

// when we sort a set it will converts to a list
add(): Adds an element to the set.
clear(): Removes all elements from the set.
copy(): Returns a shallow copy of the set.
difference(): Returns the difference of two or more sets.
difference_update(): Updates the set with the difference of itself and another set.
discard(): Removes an element from the set if it is present.
intersection(): Returns the intersection of two or more sets.
intersection_update(): Updates the set with the intersection of itself and another set.
isdisjoint(): Returns True if two sets have no elements in common.
issubset(): Returns True if the set is a subset of another set.
issuperset(): Returns True if the set is a superset of another set.
pop(): Removes and returns an arbitrary element from the set.
remove(): Removes an element from the set, raises KeyError if not found.
symmetric_difference(): Returns the symmetric difference of two sets.
symmetric_difference_update(): Updates the set with the symmetric difference of itself and another set.
union(): Returns the union of sets.
update(): Updates the set with the union of itself and others.

--dict--

clear(): Removes all items from the dictionary.
copy(): Returns a shallow copy of the dictionary.
fromkeys(): Creates a dictionary from a sequence of keys.
get(): Returns the value for a key, or a default value if the key is not found.
items(): Returns a view object of the dictionary's items (key-value pairs).
keys(): Returns a view object of the dictionary's keys.
pop(): Removes and returns the value for a specified key.
popitem(): Removes and returns the last inserted key-value pair.
setdefault(): Returns the value for a key, and sets it to a default value if the key is not found.
update(): Updates the dictionary with key-value pairs from another dictionary or iterable.
values(): Returns a view object of the dictionary's values.

--tuple--

count(): Returns the number of occurrences of a value.
index(): Returns the index of the first occurrence of a value

--string--


